Documentation/ConfigurationOfLightbox/TyposcriptConstantsMagnificpopupsupport/Index.rst, before:

﻿

.. ==================================================
.. FOR YOUR INFORMATION
.. --------------------------------------------------
.. -*- coding: utf-8 -*- with BOM.

.. ==================================================
.. DEFINE SOME TEXTROLES
.. --------------------------------------------------
.. role::   underline
.. role::   typoscript(code)
.. role::   ts(typoscript)
   :class:  typoscript
.. role::   php(code)


TypoScript Constants – magnificpopup.support
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. ### BEGIN~OF~TABLE ###

.. container:: table-row

   Property
         Property:

   Data type
         Data type:

   Description
         Description:

   Default
         Default:


.. container:: table-row

   Property
         tx\_news

   Data type
         boolean

   Description
         Enable support of EXT:news detail view

   Default
         0


.. container:: table-row

   Property
         tx\_ttnews.single

   Data type
         boolean

   Description
         Enable support in single-view of EXT:tt\_news

   Default
         0


.. container:: table-row

   Property
         tx\_ttnews.list

   Data type
         boolean

   Description
         Enable support in list-view of EXT:tt\_news

   Default
         0


.. container:: table-row

   Property
         tx\_ttnews.latest

   Data type
         boolean

   Description
         Enable support in latest-view of EXT:tt\_news

   Default
         0


.. container:: table-row

   Property
         user

   Data type
         string

   Description
         jQuery selector for user-defined classes (comma-seperated)

   Default
         \

.. # END~OF~TABLE ######

Commit message:

Added support of EXT:bootstrap_package in documentation
git-svn-id: https://svn.typo3.org/TYPO3v4/Extensions/jh_magnificpopup/trunk@85546 735d13b6-9817-0410-8766-e36946ffe9aa

Documentation/ConfigurationOfLightbox/TyposcriptConstantsMagnificpopupsupport/Index.rst, after:

﻿

.. ==================================================
.. FOR YOUR INFORMATION
.. --------------------------------------------------
.. -*- coding: utf-8 -*- with BOM.

.. ==================================================
.. DEFINE SOME TEXTROLES
.. --------------------------------------------------
.. role::   underline
.. role::   typoscript(code)
.. role::   ts(typoscript)
   :class:  typoscript
.. role::   php(code)


TypoScript Constants – magnificpopup.support
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. ### BEGIN~OF~TABLE ###

.. container:: table-row

   Property
         Property:

   Data type
         Data type:

   Description
         Description:

   Default
         Default:


.. container:: table-row

   Property
         tx\_news

   Data type
         boolean

   Description
         Enable support of EXT:news detail view

   Default
         0


.. container:: table-row

   Property
         tx\_ttnews.single

   Data type
         boolean

   Description
         Enable support in single-view of EXT:tt\_news

   Default
         0


.. container:: table-row

   Property
         tx\_ttnews.list

   Data type
         boolean

   Description
         Enable support in list-view of EXT:tt\_news

   Default
         0


.. container:: table-row

   Property
         tx\_ttnews.latest

   Data type
         boolean

   Description
         Enable support in latest-view of EXT:tt\_news

   Default
         0


.. container:: table-row

   Property
         tx\_bootstrappackage

   Data type
         boolean

   Description
         Enable support for EXT:tt\_bootstrappackage.
         Set to 0 if you want to use the default lightbox of EXT:bootstrap_package

   Default
         1


.. container:: table-row

   Property
         user

   Data type
         string

   Description
         jQuery selector for user-defined classes (comma-seperated)

   Default
         \

.. # END~OF~TABLE ######
